NARRATOR: Previously
on "Heartland--"
Is it Val Stanton?
I would be a stress case too
if I had to jump her horse.
There are a lot of
riders out there with way
more experience
than you have that
would leap at this opportunity.
You know, just
'cause things went
south with you and Lou didn't
mean you had to quit your job.
It's time to move on.
Too bad.
Jack really liked
having you around.
We wanted to
ask you something.
You see, Amy and I are putting
together a will right now.
So we were hoping
that you two would
agree to be Lyndy's guardians.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- Of course.
- Definitely.
Really?
We love her like she
was our own daughter.
Yeah.
[music playing]
That looked great, Georgie.
I wouldn't change a thing.
Thanks.
Hey.
[lyndy babbling]
There's my little smiley pants.
GEORGIE: Hi, Lyndy.
Yeah, actually, we
should probably wrap it up.
Don't you have to
get to the clinic?
Yeah.
I gotta leave in the
next few minutes.
OK.
We should probably
call it a day, Georgie.
OK.
Come on.
What do you think about
going to Maggie's tonight
after work for some dinner?
- Yes.
- Yeah?
- That would be awesome.
- OK.
Have a good day.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
- See you, Lyndy.
Bye!
Come on.
Get going.
[mooing]
Come on.
Hey.
What's with these guys?
- It's a bulldogging clinic.
- Yeah, I know.
I put it together.
I thought we were gonna off with
the dummy steer in the quad.
No.
I like to get my
students started
off with the real thing.
You mean our students seeing
as I am kinda the reason
we have so many new kids out.
How do you figure?
They see me on the
circuit kicking butt.
I was doing fine
before you came along.
Man, you're in
some mood today.
Casey out of town or something?
Yeah, as a matter of
fact, she is, Caleb.
There was a death in her family.
Oh.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I didn't know.
Look, I just feel like
because I'm still at it,
it's my duty to push you
to keep up with the latest
training trends.
Hey, guys.
Everything OK?
- Yep.
Yeah.
We're just talking about
how we're gonna kick this off.
And we've decided
to start with steer.
Real steer.
All right.
I guess we're jumping
right in, guys.
MAN 1: All right.
MAN 2: OK.
Let's do it.
Bulldogging is all
about anticipation
and using your
natural instincts.
We're trying to figure out
which way that steer's gonna go.
Let's find out.
You wanna start us off?
Mm-hmm.
OK.
Let's go.
MAN 1: All right.
MAN 2: Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's do this thing.
So you're done already.
I was hoping to catch
some of your practice.
Oh.
It was just a short
session today.
But we got a lot accomplished.
Hmm.
Other priorities.
I should remind you that the
show in Okotoks is next week.
And there's gonna be a
lot of tough competition.
I think we're in good shape.
Well, I don't like
to take chances.
So I've taken the
liberty of drawing
up a schedule that'll take
us right through to the fall
finale.
Pink is training.
Blue is competition.
Wow.
That's a lot of pink.
And a lot of blue.
Well, I didn't say this
is gonna be a cakewalk.
I guess if you're done for
the day, I'll just skedaddle.
But I'll be back.
[sighs] Maybe we
should do a little more.
Yeah.
I'll meet you out there.
OK.
OK, listen up.
For those of you that have not
done this, Caleb is the hazer.
The hazer's job is
to keep the steer
running in a straight
line for the bulldogger--
in this case, that's you,
Jade-- or the ribbon grabber.
Girls have to get the ribbon
off the shoulder of the steer.
The guys have to wrestle
the sucker to the ground.
But the chase is still the same.
You ready?
OK.
Let her rip.
[horses neighing]
Atta girl.
Atta girl, Jade.
[cheering]
Come on.
That was nothing.
That was pretty good.
My sister could
do it twice as fast.
She never even been
in a rodeo before.
Your sister?
Yeah.
Avery, get down here.
Wait a minute.
Come on.
Show 'em what you can do.
[sighs]
Oh, don't make me
look like a liar now.
Wait till you see this.
[horses neighing]
Yeah!
See?
What'd I tell you.
Wow.
That was really good.
- Good?
That was amazing.
Never seen a girl
do that before.
MAN: That's right.
[laughs]
MAN: Yeah.
Good job!
[music - jenn grant, "dreamer"]
(SINGING) And at the break
of day, you sink into a dream,
you dreamer.
You dreamer.
Dreamer.
Hi.
Hey.
I'm Avery.
I know.
You're Jade, right?
Yeah.
You had a really good run.
What?
You got the ribbon.
Yeah, like I was supposed
to instead of showing
off in front of all the guys.
I was just--
well, that's the way
my dad taught us.
I can show you how if you want.
I'm OK.
Thanks.
Oh, hey!
There's our little princess.
Hey, guys.
Look at that pretty dress.
How's our sunshine?
Hey.
We're here too.
BOTH: Hey, guys.
Look, I know since we
made you Lyndy's guardians,
we're chopped liver.
But you can join us
for dinner if you want.
Yeah.
Thanks.
That'd be great.
You know, guardian is so formal.
I'm your godmama, right?
And that makes
me your godpapa.
Yeah.
[laughs] Scooch.
You guys see her all day.
All right.
Hello, pretty girl.
Hi.
[lyndy cooing]
(WHISPERING) What's that?
Hey.
Sorry.
Hope this isn't, you
know, awkward, you know,
being here with Adam.
No.
Not at all.
Good.
Because this has nothing
to do with my boyfriend.
Look, we need to
talk extreme team.
OK.
So Samantha's with
the older girls now.
Yeah, I heard.
You know what that means?
Look, I don't want a
huge rivalry for headliner
like last year.
Neither do I. OK?
That's why I was
thinking we could
do it together as a tandem.
Maybe the hippodrome
with a suicide drag?
Yeah.
Yeah, that'd be cool.
OK.
But we should practice it first.
Do you think that Amy
could help us with that?
Yeah.
I'll ask.
- Cool.
So I'll swing by tomorrow?
I can't tomorrow.
I have jumping practice.
There's a huge show
at Okotoks coming up.
Well, there's a huge
rodeo coming up too.
Look, we need to
get this trick down.
Otherwise, Natalie's
just gonna choose
someone else to be headliner.
OK.
How's 9:00?
It's perfect.
I'll see you then.
Bye.
Ty sings to her?
He's actually not that bad.
And then I read her
"Love You Forever."
And she goes down
without an issue.
Wow.
You're a little
angel, aren't you?
I have to say, we finally
have Lyndy's routine down.
Oh, that's so awesome.
Yeah.
Every time we tell people
we're trying to have a baby,
they say it'll flip
our lives upside down.
Don't listen to them.
It's incredible.
Oh, big yawns.
It's time to put Lyndy
down for her bedtime.
[laughs]
Well, this was fun.
We should do it again sometime.
Yeah.
Well, how about Saturday?
We can come to you
guys at the loft.
With takeout.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
- Yeah.
Of course.
Cool.
But be honest.
It's really her you
wanna see, right?
[lyndy coos]
Yeah!
[laughter]
- You know.
Say bye.
Bye.
Bye, Lyndy.
- Aw.
- They are so cute.
I know.
Yes.
Hey, great dismount!
That's good, man.
That's real good.
You just gotta hook the horns
a little bit quicker next time.
Are you kidding me?
Using this duct
tape contraption?
It just creates bad habits.
I got an exercise
that will show you
how to do things the right way.
OK?
Just come on.
No.
I gotta get my
technique bang on.
If this is how Caleb
learned, then I
wanna do it this way too.
I saw him bulldogging last week.
He was lights out.
Well, all right.
Avery, let's get you up next.
Boys, pay attention.
Her technique is flawless.
Y'all need to be doing
exactly what she does.
Uh, what's going on here?
I texted you.
Sorry.
I didn't get it.
Well, we were gonna
ask if you could help
us with our new tandem trick.
Georgie, I thought
we were jumping.
I know.
But we have a huge
rodeo coming up.
And we could actually
be the headliners.
Please?
I know I have to
prep for the show.
But trick riding's
important too.
OK, fine.
Thanks.
OK, but you guys need to
get into that trick faster.
Bring it in, girls.
OK, you know what?
Olivia, how about you hop
off, and you watch me.
I'm just gonna show you
the hippodrome part.
You good?
Yeah.
OK.
So you wanna be standing
up right about here.
And that allows Georgie to
get into position quicker.
Then you're gonna hold
it for about five seconds
and then go back down slowly.
And Georgie will get back up.
OK.
I think I get it.
Can we try that again?
Well, don't forget you still
have a full jumping practice
ahead of you.
Actually, I kind
of need to get going.
See you tomorrow.
OK.
How annoying was Caleb today?
Oh, the way he kept
pushing his ideas.
I guess.
Acting like he was
the big bulldogging
champion with all the buckles.
Well, sort of.
I mean--
I just don't see how
those kids can have
stars in their eyes
for someone like Caleb,
the king of mediocrity.
Oh, I don't know.
I--
Yeah.
He's undermining me.
I really didn't see
that, to be honest.
I'm just talking about
how he kept putting Avery
on a pedestal like she was God's
gift to the rodeo or something.
Listen.
Well, you gotta admit
that girl can bulldog.
Yeah, well, so can I.
I mean, I think I can.
But I need your help.
I need lessons one on one.
Uh-huh.
OK, on one condition.
Name it.
We do it the right way.
My way.
All right.
You're on.
Hey, Jack.
Let me give you a hand.
Well, don't go getting
those fancy clothes dirty.
So how's the big time job going?
Oh, it's, uh--
I've been spending more time
in boardrooms than I thought.
And the people I
work with are cool.
It's pretty great so far.
That's good, you know?
You're ever in the
neighborhood, you'll be
more than welcome for dinner.
Oh, well, I--
Course, you'll have to put up
with my cooking what with Lou
being in New York City.
Oh, she's still there, huh?
Well, why don't we
say Saturday night?
Well, I'll set an extra place.
It's good to see you, Jack.
It's good to see you.
All right.
I gotta go.
Another boardroom.
Well, you knock 'em dead.
"A mother held her
new baby and very slowly
rocked him back and forth, back
and forth, back and forth."
There you go.
[music - "rock-a-bye baby"]
Goodnight, sweetheart.
I'm surprised you're still
reading from that book.
You don't have it
memorized by now?
Well, she likes the pictures.
And so do I. [laughs]
Isn't this amazing?
What?
Our life?
Yeah.
It's all coming together.
We were so worried
about everything
those first few months.
Oh, we were worried?
I think you were worried.
[laughter]
Yeah.
Maybe I was a little.
Look at her now, though.
She's like a little angel.
Yeah, she is.
I love you so much.
(WHISPERING) Love you too.
[crickets chirping]
[lyndy crying]
Shh.
You're OK.
It's OK, sweetheart.
Uh oh.
Oh, 39.
Ty, she's got a fever.
[shushing]
It says it can be dangerous
for babies under six months.
She's over six months.
Yeah, but just, Amy.
It's OK.
Shh.
It could be dehydration.
Has she had enough fluids?
I think so.
Does she have
sunken fontanels?
What?
The soft spots on her head.
I can't tell, Ty.
I don't know.
Oh, my god.
What?
This says that a fever
can lead to seizures.
Ty, no.
We have to go to the hospital.
Let's get her checked out.
- Yeah.
Let's go.
- OK.
You're OK.
Can you get the diaper bag?
- Yep.
Got it right here.
And the truck keys.
Are they--
- They're in the truck.
Yep.
Well, I got her to
sleep in her car seat.
[laughs]
Thanks, grandpa.
And you can leave her with
me for another couple hours
if you'd like.
You both had a long
night in the ER.
Jack.
Were you two at the hospital?
Yeah, with Lyndy.
Is everything OK?
She had a fever, so
we had her checked out.
And?
Well, she's teething.
They don't have
a teething app?
Oh, dad, come on.
We panicked a little.
But she was beside herself.
We've never seen
her like that before.
So Lyndy's with
me this morning.
You'll have to check
those fences on your own.
Uh, I can't.
I'm busy with the rodeo school.
We're rounding up calves
in a couple of days.
We need to make sure
those fences are good.
Jack, do you know how
crazy it is at the school
this time of year?
You've got Caleb.
I have Caleb.
Exactly.
I'll see what I can do.
No promises.
Gee, thanks, partner.
[sighs]
I should probably get
out there and help Georgie.
She's been in the jumping
ring for a while now.
Jack, you deal
with the fences, OK?
I got lots of paperwork to do.
I can bring Lyndy in the
office so she can nap
there while I plow through it.
Thanks.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
We'll be fine.
Thanks.
Are you sure about this?
Shouldn't we start
with the dummy?
No.
No, that's Caleb's way.
OK?
If you wanna wrestle a
steer, you wrestle a steer.
OK.
Now, what you wanna
do is you just
wanna hook your right
arm underneath this horn
and push down with your
left here like that.
You try that.
Step down.
All right.
Hook that.
That's it.
- Like this?
Get a good firm grip, yeah.
Only strong.
You wanna be strong.
All right?
How's that feel?
- [sighs] OK.
- Feel good?
OK.
- OK.
Good.
Now, you just--
now, away he goes.
OK.
What do I do now?
That's it.
Good.
You just kind of have to--
yeah.
You wanna hook his nose there.
That's--
[grunting]
Keep your balance.
Stay with him.
That was--
[grunts]
Oh.
Well.
OK.
Here.
Come on.
[grunts] OK.
I think this is
gonna take a little
more work than I thought.
I'm not ready
for a real steer.
Can we use something else?
Do you think Avery
gave up that easy?
Fine.
Let's go again.
OK.
I think we're ready
to do this at a lope.
I don't know, Georgie.
Your timing is still off.
But it's harder at a trot.
Let's just give it a try.
[sighs] What do
you think, Olivia?
I'm all good.
OK, fine.
But if anything feels off,
don't do the drag, OK?
OK.
[sighs] OK.
[clicking tongue]
[grunting]
What's wrong?
OK, Georgie, pull up.
Olivia, stop.
You OK?
[groaning]
What happened, Georgie?
Hey, it's OK.
Let go.
[groaning] Ow.
One more time.
You keep saying that.
Well, you almost got it.
You keep saying that too.
Well, I mean at this time.
OK?
This part you gotta get down.
It's most important.
- What?
Getting dragged like a rag doll?
No.
You gotta learn to
control the slide.
Look, it's all about form,
not brute strength, OK?
You need the leverage.
OK.
But this is the last time.
It's like a dance.
It's like a dance with
a 350 pound partner.
- OK.
Here we go.
OK.
Nice.
[mooing]
That's it.
His nose.
[grunting]
Now turn him, and
then hook his nose.
Fall back.
That's it!
You did it.
[laughs] Yeah!
I did it!
I actually did it!
There you go.
See?
I told you.
Piece of cake.
Aw.
[laughs] What an adorable pair.
Yeah.
She's something, isn't she?
You're a lucky girl to have
such a great great grandpa.
You don't have to
remind me of how old I am.
Doesn't like to be
teased either, does he?
No, he doesn't.
So where are Amy and Georgie?
They're supposed to
be schooling Flame.
In town at the hospital.
What?
Training mishap.
You're kidding.
Things happen, Val.
There they are right there.
What happened?
Are you OK?
Yeah.
I'm a little sore, but I'm fine.
I just pulled a muscle.
Thank God.
What about Flame?
Oh, he's OK.
She wasn't riding him.
Oh.
Well, good.
Wait a minute.
Who were you riding?
Checkers.
Who?
Her trick riding horse.
Trick riding.
I have a huge rodeo coming up.
I don't care about
some two bit rodeo.
You're supposed to be training
for the show in Okotoks.
Well, the plan was
to be ready for both.
But now I can't
ride for a few days.
[sighs] [laughs] And how are
you gonna be ready in time?
OK.
This will never happen again.
It's trick riding.
I can't promise I won't
get a little dinged up.
Right.
Of course you can't.
And that's why
you're gonna quit.
Quit?
I have big plans
for that horse.
He could even go as far
as the Olympics someday.
Do you want to be a part of
that or some sideshow doing
tricks in hot pink Spandex?
Your choice.
I just can't stop
thinking about it.
I was so tired.
Maybe I wasn't watching
her closely enough.
Amy, Amy, Amy.
It was a minor injury.
OK?
Don't beat yourself up.
Yeah.
Get all your work done?
Not even close.
[sighs] You know, if you want,
Ty, you go down in the office.
I can stay up here with her.
No, it's OK.
I'm gonna be done for today.
I feel like making
a bag of popcorn
and just heading
to bed real early.
[laughs] That
sounds like my speed.
Yeah?
Well, good.
[sighs]
[groans]
Hey, guys.
Dinner is served.
[lyndy crying]
You guys look bagged.
Well--
What?
They do.
Lyndy hasn't really
been herself lately.
So--
She's teething right now.
Aw.
Poor girl.
But she seems OK now.
Must be because her
godmama is here, right?
Yeah.
[lyndy crying]
Oh, no.
What did I do, Amy?
I'm so sorry.
It's OK, Lyndy.
Hey.
She just needs her mom.
You're OK, sweetheart.
I know.
Come to mommy.
OK.
Yeah.
She'll be fine.
Let's dig in, guys.
This looks great.
[shushing] It's OK.
Yeah, there you go.
So Caleb, how's
working with my dad?
It's been really great.
I think he really likes
what I bring to the table.
He's driving me nuts.
And the kids, they love me.
He's throwing
everyone off their game.
Just today, I jotted down
some big picture ideas.
I can't even read that.
And if things keep
going the way they are,
he's gonna bump me up.
I know what I gotta do.
He's gonna make
me an equal partner.
I gotta fire him.
[lyndy crying]
- Shh.
You're OK.
Do you want me
to take her, Amy?
Yeah.
Thanks.
It's OK.
Yeah.
What do I do?
Just, um, bounce her a little.
OK.
See what does.
Yeah.
[gasps]
AMY: Oh, I'll get a towel.
Here, Cassie.
I'll take care her.
Here.
Well, at least
she stopped crying.
It's nice you could
come eat with us.
We've hardly seen you.
Yeah.
I know.
It's just-- it's been this job.
It's been so much fun.
I get to use my
engineering background
to consult with project managers
and CEOs, CFOs, and COOs, and--
this is really boring,
isn't it, guys?
No.
It's really interesting.
[laughs] You're not
that good a liar, kid.
[knocking]
Oh.
I'll get it.
Hey.
Is Olivia here?
[sighs] No.
I heard what happened.
Yeah.
Everything's fine.
It's just Val.
What do you mean?
[sighs] She's just really mad.
She wants me to
quit extreme team.
That's not up to her.
Yeah, I know.
But if I don't, then I
can't ride Flame anymore.
Well, that's stupid.
Good luck trying to find
someone as good as you.
Thanks.
[sighs]
What?
Nothing.
It's just-- you're different
when Olivia's not around.
You are too.
Yeah.
It's all a little bit--
Awkward.
Yeah.
[laughs]
Let's try not to be
that way anymore.
So what's new with
you besides Olivia?
You should see this
new kid I'm tutoring.
Talk about a handful.
As bad as I was?
Hey, nobody could be that bad.
[laughter]
[music - "rock-a-bye baby"]
I am so sorry about
dinner and about your shirt.
It's OK.
I'm sure it'll come out.
I just feel so bad for Lyndy.
That is the hardest
part about being a parent
is seeing your child so upset.
Yeah.
We were feeling so dialed in.
Everything was going smoothly.
And then bam.
This.
Well, at least
it's just teething.
I mean, how long can
it possibly last?
Couple of weeks.
Or months, the doctor said.
Months?
The way she was tonight?
Well, hopefully not.
We'll see, though.
You know?
Well, we should
probably get going,
let you guys get some rest.
- Yeah.
Thanks for dinner.
No, thank you,
guys, for bringing it.
Yeah.
Thank you.
- I'm sorry again.
- No, it's OK.
- We'll do this again.
- Yeah.
See you guys.
See you.
[sighs]
[groans] We haven't
even eaten yet.
Who cares?
[sighs]
[groans]
Thanks.
You're not kidding about
it being quiet around here.
Yeah.
I know.
For years, I complained
about the chaos.
Now, well, I kinda miss it.
Yeah.
I get that.
But the ranch
keeps me busy enough.
I was hoping Tim would've
picked up the slack after you--
well, when you left.
Oh.
So that hasn't happened then?
Not even close.
Just this morning,
he bailed on me.
I'm trying to set up a day
to vaccinate the calves.
And-- nah.
He won't show.
Why don't I take his place?
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I think I still
remember what I'm doing.
Well, that would be great.
You're serious?
It's not free labor.
I expect a six pack out of it.
You're on.
- Hey.
How you feeling?
Pretty stiff.
I slept well though until I woke
up at 5:00 AM with Val's voice
in my head.
Who does she think
she is trying to tell
me what I can and can't do?
Yeah.
I get why you're mad.
But I have to say Val
kinda has a point.
What?
You're on her side?
I'm not siding
with anyone, Georgie.
I'm just saying that I can
see where she's coming from.
You know, she has high
hopes for that horse.
And she needs a rider
who's willing to go all in.
Well, I don't wanna
quit trick riding.
Then don't.
But I wanna keep
jumping Flame too.
I see how tough this is.
You're doing great
at two things.
But you can't keep them
both up at this level.
You're gonna have to pick one.
Well, you never had to
choose one equestrian sport.
No, I didn't.
But I also never
had the opportunity
to go to the Olympics.
[sighs]
Everybody's ready.
Yeah.
Uh, listen.
There's something I
wanna talk to you about.
It seems that--
All right.
Can we do this?
Let's throw ourselves
on some steers, boys.
[laughs]
Well, look.
We'll talk later, OK?
OK.
I'm glad you're ready to
put your training to use.
But today, I'm gonna
give you a little demo,
show you how it's
done at full speed.
No.
That won't be necessary.
You don't think
it's a good idea
for them to see a professional?
No, I agree.
It would.
That's why I'm
gonna do the demo.
I don't know if
that's a good idea.
You ever won a
buckle at the stampede?
No.
Button it.
[horses neighing]
[grunts]
Good job, Tim.
[cheering]
[groaning]
Oh, my god.
Tim!
[groans]
Are you OK?
[sighs] Yeah.
Yeah.
I just rang my bell a bit.
OK.
Crazy old man.
Hey!
[laughter]
That's not funny.
Tim Fleming is a living legend.
He just did a perfect run.
I get that you weren't born
when Tim was in his prime.
But I grew up with
this poster on my wall
because he's the best.
That's who you have as a coach.
Don't take it for granted.
Oh, I'm touched, Caleb.
You know, I had a Farrah
Fawcett poster on my wall.
But whatever
polishes your buckle.
OK, who's next?
I'll go.
No ribbon necessary.
[horse neighing]
Hyah!
Come one!
[mooing]
That's it.
Stay in control, Jade.
Hook the horn!
Turn his head!
That's it!
That's it, Jade.
Atta girl.
Good ride.
Nice run.
Hey.
That was great.
Good job.
Thanks.
Yeah, Jade.
That was awesome.
OK, look.
I know it wasn't
as good as yours.
Hey, it was your first try.
So what you're saying is it
was awesome for a beginner.
No, I didn't say that.
I do think you tried
to manhandle the steer.
Agility and woman's intuition.
That's what we have.
Go with that.
Don't try to do it like a guy.
Thanks for the advice that
I really didn't ask for.
You know, I was really
excited when I heard about you.
A girl who's a
kickass bronc rider.
You're the reason why I let
my brother drag me up here.
I thought you'd have
too much confidence
to see me as a threat.
But I was wrong.
Don't worry.
I won't be back.
Oh, and your feet?
They got behind you.
Push down the inside of
the horn will fix that.
Hey.
Oh, look who found her smile.
[laughs] Yeah, she's
back to herself now.
I'm really sorry about
the gong show last night.
Stop apologizing.
It's fine.
Well, at least you've seen
the dark side of parenthood now.
It's not too late to opt out.
Oh, whatever.
Caleb and Cass aren't gonna let
one bad night scare them off.
[laughs] No.
No, no, no.
Of course not.
I mean, this has nothing
to do with last night.
But we had a chat
when we got home.
And you know, Caleb being
at the rodeo school and me
at the clinic and the new puppy
and being godparents and--
you know, we're
practically newlyweds.
We decided we're
just-- we're gonna
hold off for a little bit.
- Oh.
Well, that's-- that's OK.
Yeah.
Hey.
I'm ready.
Let's go talk to Val.
OK.
I'll talk to you guys later.
Bye-bye, my little munchkin.
Bye.
Hello.
Hi, Val.
I'm glad you called.
Thank you for coming to
a decision so quickly.
It didn't feel quick to me.
It's been on my
mind ever since you
said I had to make the choice.
Val, you have to
realize that Georgie's
given this a lot of thought.
You're asking her to choose
between the two things
she loves to do the most.
Yes.
Well, I completely understand.
But--
It's OK.
I get it.
[sighs] I hate to
have to do this.
It's really hard.
But I've decided to
quit extreme team.
Georgie, I do
realize how difficult
this has been for you.
But I am very pleased.
I wanna keep jumping Flame.
And we'll be ready for Okotoks.
I want us to go all the way.
I want to go to the Olympics.
[laughs] Good.
OK.
[mooing]
You're OK.
We gotcha.
Atta boy.
OK.
Got her?
Yep.
Thanks for the help.
I appreciate it.
I should be thanking you.
[moos]
Oh, back in this
field, breathing
this country air again.
Well, you sure seem
to be in your element.
Say, I've been meaning
to ask you something.
Oh.
It's not about me
and Lou, is it?
Nah.
No, no.
I'm keeping a wide
berth on that one.
Believe me.
It's about that job of yours.
Does it really feel like you?
I think we both know
the answer to that, Jack.
I think I'm just hoping
I get used to it.
Why put yourself through that?
Because it's my job.
What if I asked you to
come back to Heartland
and work for me?
[laughs] Look, I love it here.
I do.
But coming back would just
feel like a step backwards, you
know?
OK, then.
What if instead of asking
you to work for me,
I asked you to work with me?
What do you mean?
A piece of our
cattle business?
Oh.
I don't know what to say.
Wait.
What about Tim?
He's gonna hate that idea.
He's busy with his
school these days.
I can smooth that out.
What do you think?
Hey.
You can't just quit.
If it wasn't for you, I never
would've tried bulldogging.
So is that your
way of saying sorry?
I just--
I want you to stay.
I'll think about it.
Good.
Tim's been talking
about team roping.
And I thought maybe
we could be partners.
Maybe.
Cool.
Hey, Avery.
Let's go.
Good to see you
two getting along.
Whatever.
Hey, Tim.
You wanted to chat?
Uh, yeah.
Good job today, guys.
Nice work.
Uh, Caleb.
[groans] It's about your job.
I need to make a change.
Hey, I totally understand.
You do?
Yeah.
You need me more involved.
And don't worry about it.
I'm all in.
I'm already recruiting
as many kids as possible
for the team roping clinic.
Thanks.
[laughs] This is
really working out well.
- Yeah.
Sure is.
Well, it's great to see
you guys getting along.
What am I supposed to do?
How can I fire him after
that speech he gave today?
He had my poster on his wall.
Hey.
How's it feeling?
A bit better.
So we can start
training again soon?
Actually, that's what I
wanted to talk to you about.
I thought you should know
before I tell the whole team.
I have to quit.
I need to concentrate
on jumping.
Oh.
[laughs] That sucks.
[nervous laugh]
Well, I guess I'll
have to find another
trick because I'll
be the only headliner now.
But I'm really gonna miss
you just so much at practice.
So sad.
Must have been
a tough decision.
You wanna talk about it?
Thanks, but not right now.
[honking]
Besides, I think someone's
getting a little impatient.
[laughs]
Grandpa sure was
adamant about everyone
coming for dinner tonight.
Well, I'm glad.
You know, I missed having
dinner with the whole family.
Yeah, me too.
Speaking of, was a little
awkward with Cassandra today.
Yeah.
You broke your godparent's
spirits, didn't you?
[laughter]
Didn't you, didn't you, huh?
[lyndy laughs]
That was her first laugh!
[laughs]
And at Caleb and
Cass's expense.
[laughter]
Oh, Mitch.
Thanks for taking care of
the old guy today, huh?
Oh.
Hey, it's nothing.
Yeah.
Well, don't be so modest.
You're great with cattle.
I like your ideas too.
You're really gonna
help this operation.
What operation?
Well, I've decided
that we should
take Mitch on as a partner
in our cattle business.
And he has graciously accepted.
Really?
Didn't consult me.
Well, the three of us
are gonna talk about it,
but not now.
Not at the table.
This is the first time
we've been able to share
a dinner in a while.
So let's just enjoy that.
So dig in, everybody.
All right.
Pass me that chicken.
- OK.
I don't know if you
guys heard, but Tim
did a bulldogging run today.
- He did what?
- [groans]
I thought he almost
killed himself.
I just wanted to teach
the students the right--
Jade bulldogged today.
You tried bulldogging?
JADE: Yeah.
And it was actually
my first time.
Well, speaking
of firsts, guess
who had their first laugh?
Oh, seriously?
[laughter]
Aw, that's so cute.
Yes.
At Caleb's expense, wasn't it?
[laughter]
(SINGING) --where the world
will not break me home.
Never forsake me.
Take me home.
For solace and safety, home.
I'm going home.
Take me home.
The road is long and weary.
But the light from
home is nearing.
We all leave so we can know the
reason why we wanna go home.